font-family = Berkeley Mono
font-feature = -calt -liga -dlig
font-size = 15
font-thicken = true

grapheme-width-method = unicode
freetype-load-flags = hinting,force-autohint,monochrome,autohint

minimum-contrast = 1
theme = dark:genetic, light:genetic-bright

cursor-style = block
cursor-click-to-move = true
mouse-hide-while-typing = false
mouse-shift-capture = false
mouse-scroll-multiplier = 1
background-opacity = 1

scrollback-limit = 10000000

window-inherit-font-size = false
window-colorspace = display-p3

window-height = 40
window-width = 120
window-save-state = never
window-step-resize = true

clipboard-read = deny
clipboard-write = allow
clipboard-paste-protection = true
clipboard-paste-bracketed-safe = true

image-storage-limit = 320000000
copy-on-select = false
quit-after-last-window-closed = true
shell-integration-features = cursor,no-sudo,title

macos-titlebar-proxy-icon = hidden
macos-option-as-alt = true
macos-icon = custom-style
macos-icon-frame = aluminum
macos-icon-ghost-color = #00ff00
macos-icon-screen-color = #000000

bold-is-bright = false

